hello and welcome back to tea areas the
King show international favorites on a
student budget we would like to thank
all of you for your positive feedback on
our first episode and we are very
excited to bring you many many more
hello today we're cooking with Tara and
MBA student who came to tear you to
study third trick
Oh Meera shut up hi everyone yeah-ha
here at SEMA will clean your name
president cheney okay well my chinese
Amazo dropped in to shoot and how long
have you been in Canada oh I've been
here for almost two years there what are
you gonna be cooking rest of it well I'm
gonna put a new one
sounds delicious yeah so now that you
know what you're making and can you all
keep your ingredients
we're gonna be Oh thought okay let's see
here's a mushroom broccoli tofu sub-tree
saw shooter soy sauce spicy sauce
what ginger-garlic perfect that looks
great and can you buy all the stuff
actually I'm really excited to see how
this red bell let's cook okay actually
it's very easy you just need to follow
me step by step and you can do it okay
let's go
so first we need to make the soy sauce
and the spicy sauce with sugar okay
what's going something sure
and some spicy sauce coming to you with
your most popular spicy
okay well once you mix the sauce yes the
fire that's our boy here not too much I
think this is okay yeah and you can feel
the and the ginger
the us you can smother and then add the
sauce
okay time for another shrink
and the total
Oh
they don't need that more water cuz
they're still watering the tofu and my
okay now just cover it and then with
around 5 to 10 minutes it's okay yeah
sedating it's done cooking I think so
okay let's see how do you know if it's
finished
well if you can see the little hole in
the top oh okay the nice is okay yeah oh
and you see that yeah okay perfect
okay at the end of phase we just add
some green onion because the color is
still ignored in Chinese
and now a little soft it's not too much
here I want to thank you so much for
showing us underneath this recipe today
it was delicious fish you're welcome
okay let's try it okay
follow the link below to our blog to
download the recipe and the grocery list
try this recipe at home and post a photo
on instagram and tag us at my tre